green
Manager Zhu, it's all my fault
I shouldn't have ignored you
I shouldn't refuse your offer
I was really wrong.
Please forgive me.
I finally found an honest man to marry this time
If he really listened to you
Kicked me
Then what can I do?
I know wrong.
I know, you have a lot of adults
Forgive me this time
Manager Zhu, don't be deceived by him
He is definitely not Chenxing Xingxing and will give you points.
Tell me how the money came
Manager Zhu, I am a girl
Fame is important.
Your words
I'm obviously chatting normally with guests
You call me a promiscuous person.
How can I survive in Yuncheng from now on?
As long as you help me clear up the rumors
I will apologize as much as you want me to apologize
Oh, isn't it right to be so soft?
You know how tiring it is to lose a few surveillance screenshots.
Still have to find a good angle?
Hahaha
So
These rumors and surveillance are really from you
For me
Want to destroy someone
How simple and easy is that?
Was it actually recorded?
It's all recorded, you ask slander
Defamation of employees
Attracting harassment to employees
What other crimes?
You go and make it clear to the police yourself.
Are you plotting against me?
Give me the phone
Hey, salute, salute